guys really to me when I watch it
there's no difference in the athletes
Penn State's got an athlete Iowa there's
no difference other than the thing of
what he talked about about that warning
to keep everything tight and having that
safety net to hear them sailors words
that's the feeling a lot of you guys
okay when you get in the match I don't
want to make a mistake I don't want to
mess up first of all it's just a
wrestling match right so if you mess up
so what nothing's not like it's going to
be okay if you make a mistake and
normally there's a whole match left that
you can make up for that mistake so this
is the way you got to look at there's
two ways you can look at attacking in a
match two ways the chips are down it's
tied up big match whatever you want to
look at if I take a shot there's a
bigger chance of me messing up oh man if
I mess up that got my score if he scores
he's going to win and if it wins I'm I
lose that's the middle path some of you
guys go down so you've associated
shooting with losing and I know I took a
lot of steps out there that's the way
the brain works that's what you get in
your head if I shoot I rivers now on the
other hand there's some people that get
in that big moment where they've got a
score points top out of a neutral
whatever it is they've got to take a
chance and they look at that is as if I
attack I have a better chance to score
if I score more points I have a better
chance of
when again feel good so shooting goes to
win it when it goes to feeling good
shooting goes to feeling good and again
we took steps out there but that's the
way your brain works so you know we're a
match anxiety comes from practicing
being nervous having that safety net net
of those big matches so to me really
look into it when he said that and how
competitive and intense this guy is when
he says penn state and i were two
different teams man i had to really look
into that what's the difference what
would i watch a russell is taking risks
it's taking chances Penn State for the
chips are down and they got to go score
they're going after or when it shots
open they don't think twice they're
getting the guy makes a mistake on
bottom cradles their matches over
it's not all I don't know if I should go
get that I got a one-point lead I'm just
going to hang on to that one point lead
no I'm gonna want to turn this guy now
that I've
now I've got a major let's start going
after that tech
now that I'm close to the technical the
guys I know that seems to be hard to get
into but you can practice at in town you
can practice it when you get out the
match and your else with a good kid and
you take him down you really want to get
his head spinnin you know what you
should immediately do I wish Janet bike
was here he want to stake title room we
talked before the match and kind of
strategy what he was going to have he
was just some tough kid to beat him
section was the week before or maybe it
was areas beat him before I said if
you're taking down let him up
immediately took him down let the kid up
immediately that guy's head started
spinning at right back and got another
takedown let him up to be down again you
can practice if you got to practice it
in your matches and for you guys to
practice it in your matches you know
we've got to do one parents got to do
for it to be okay for if you do take
that risk and something bad happens I've
called the effort I applaud you taking
furnace because until your last match
it's all practice until your last match
it's all about getting better and
improving yourself if I learning to step
up and just around I don't run away from
because i'm talking about wrestling
right now right now but you know how
many times in your life the chips are
going to be down and you got to step up
to the plate and hit home run man those
are life-changing moments and there's
not very many people that you want to
get up there and do it a lot of people
just get forced into it Rex if you get
that out of wrestling tour when the
chips are down and somebody's got to
step up big you're like that's me that's
what Rex halliburton's at its best how
low me I got it do whatever you want to
do because you know what everybody else
is doing somebody else man somebody else
has got to get up that's kind of what
our generation guys I put it down put
myself with you guys I'm not that old is
learn to do when the chips are down and
things get tight and it becomes
important we start worrying about losing
because winning and loosens become so
important we don't want to lose that's
the way we live our life we just don't
want to lose it something stead of going
out and trying to win and if you lose so
what I went up trying to win it we
always got another chance to come back
and win it right back in there when we
kill the creature be aware upset you
wrestle them later in the day what
happened those things are going to
happen all the time for the rest of your
life if you go out and take a chance and
go for the win you got nothing to be
ashamed of and that's what this year the
whole year is going to be about their
guys taking chances taking risks because
we know the technique right kids all we
work real hard so if we learn to take
the risk that's kind of a middle
right we're start to put puzzle pieces
together lead us to be really successful
so guys I asked you to do a lot of stuff
I've asked you to buy her to a lot of
things and parents have done the same
thing coaching's I've done ask you to do
the same thing this is the thing I want
you to buy two more than this is what
I've changed your life more than
anything else learning with a chips are
down I'm willing to take the risk I'm
not going to shy away from it and if I
fail ok that's all right because I got
another chance to do anything and if we
get that guy's I promise you it went
about as much as you should because yeah
we're talking about all this different
stuff and you don't want to focus on
women but really you want to win the
match right everybody wants to win it
this is your best chance it's just a
shot to win to go out to take the risk
and healthy after so you guys coming up
state tournament I'm little guy state
tournament kids state to give you kind
of clunks we still got a little time
this is what